Test plan for model editor. (#2791)
github/vscode-codeql: docs/test-plan.md

- Check that the workflow run is also canceled.
- Check that any available results are visible in VS Code.

### CodeQL Model Editor

> Note: this is still behind feature flags.

Reviewer: Can you list which feature flags we need, to make it easier for testers?

#### Test Case 1: Opening the model editor

> 1. Download the `dsp-testing/sql2o-example` database from GitHub.

Reviewer 2: Is there another repo we can use which is public? We should try to avoid using internal-only repositories for this public test plan.

Author: Ah, doh. I cannot seem to get used to the public repo :disappointed:

> 2. Open the Model editor with Cmd+P "Open CodeQL Model Editor".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Open the Model Editor with the "CodeQL: Open CodeQL Model Editor" command from the command palette.
```

   - Check that the editor loads and shows methods to model.
   - Check that methods are grouped per library.
   - Check that the "Open database" link works.
   - Check that the "Open extension pack" link works.

#### Test Case 2: Model methods

1. Expand one of the packages
   - Change the model type and check that the other dropdowns change.
2. Save the modeled methods.

>    - Check that the model `yml` file has the entries that was modeled.

Reviewer 2: Should we specify this further, e.g. where to find the file and what the file should be called?

#### Test Case 3: Model with AI

1. Click "Model with AI".
   - Check that rows change to "Thinking".

>    - Check that results come back and rows get filled out.

Reviewer 2: Should we document the feature flag for this since I assume that this feature flag won't be removed in the next 2 weeks?

Author: Documenting both.

#### Test Case 4: Model as dependency

1. Click "Model as dependency"

>    - Check that grouping are now per package.

Reviewer: I wasn't sure how to check this. Does "per package" just mean that it looks like `org.example` instead of `example@library`?

Author: Yes. I'll try to add some more text here.
